Q1: what do I want to learn or understand better?
This week I continued to work with the prototype in figma. I learnt new things to make the process of working in Figma
smoother and more adaptable for the front-end team. We started creating and using components so that it would be easier
to use the CSS-code of different components in the front-end design.

Next week we’re going to switch the sub teams and I don’t know which team I’m going to be in for the next sprint. But I
want to learn more about both back and front-end development and I’m going to do that by asking the other team members
that are more familiar with the environment and by letting them explain their work.

Q2: how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
I think that I have developed good knowledge in how to use Figma to create prototypes and feel comfortable helping the
other team members when they’re going to switch to the GUI team. I also feel like I have experience in how to conduct
effective meetings and that my experience in that area will help the group move forward as a team.

Apart from that I haven’t really got a chance to help someone else yet. But in the near future when I learn more about
the programming parts of the project, I look forward to help others when I can. I think explaining something to someone
else is a great way of deepening your own knowledge.

Q3: what is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
I’ve participated in all the daily stand ups this week. I think that those have helped the team to better apply Scrum
since it’s easier to get insight in others' work if you have a short and effective meeting every day. My GUI-team has
also written a detailed checklist on what to do after showing the PO the prototype and getting his input.

Ahead I want to learn more about how to split user stories into adequate tasks and I think I will do so by practising
and discussing effort estimation within the group.

Q4: what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
This week we’ve almost finished the two pages in Figma that we’re working on right now. I’m satisfied with the work
I’ve done this week and think that the prototype brings value for the team and the PO by visualizing the work and the
ideas.

In the near future I want to contribute with more code and I think that I will accomplish that when we switch teams
next week and by peer coding with some other team member.
