what do I want to learn or understand better?
This week I worked on the front-end team. I think we learnt a lot and though I wish we had more time to work more I am
 quite satisfied with how far we have come. Next week I would like to finish the parts we started with this week, and
 maybe learn more about css. Next week I will learn some basic aspects of css since I have a lab in my second course
 covering some css.

how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
I continued to question things that seemed unclear or that I didn’t understand. I try to come up with
solutions/suggestions to solve the problems we encounter, and together we learn how to solve problems. I told the
others on the team that if they had problems with their second course they could always try asking me for help since I
 have already taken that course. Next week I will continue to pay attention and point things out that might need to be
  thought about. Since we were all new to react I think pair coding helps us help each other in a very efficient way.

what is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
This week we assigned the first scrum master and defined roles within the group which gave us more structure. I
brought this up since I felt that the group needed more structure to work more efficiently, which to me seems to
already have improved our overall efficiency. Next week I would like to get better at defining and breaking down tasks,
 and continue to point out ways we could improve how we work structurally. I think that is something that I will become
 better at by doing it, so I should try to be active at the next “Sprint” meeting.

what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
This week we showed the PO the figma mockup and started to work on the code to make the mockup real. We divided
the group into teams, and I worked on the frontend. I think I contributed a reasonable amount with the code, though I
wished we had started earlier/had more time. I try to keep the work balanced and to make sure that we contribute an
equal amount. I also know that we can sometimes go out on tangents because we are curious about different aspects of
the code, but always try to keep us somewhat on track. Learning about new things will most likely help in some way,
but we also have to finish what we have started. Next week I would like to continue working on the front-end and
finish what we started this week. I think we are working both efficiently and well distributed, and I am satisfied
with the way we worked this week, so I would like to continue the same way next week as well.
