What do I want to learn or understand better?
This week I continued to work on the front-end part. I started using react-bootstrap and learnt about 
how it works. Next week we will divide the work in different groups, and I might try working as
the scrum master, or at least something new. No matter which part of the project I work with next week
there will be new things to learn. 

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
As I expected last week we continued to work with pair-programming. I think there were parts that I was
able to explain while coding to help the other person understand better. How I can help the others in 
the team depends a bit on what part and with whom I'm working with, but I think by continuing to give
my opinions/thoughts on things is one way I might help someone / the team. 

what is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
When we defined tasks this week I was a bit more active during the planning of the front-end tasks. I 
think the other person intentionally let me decide more in order to help me practice planning tasks. I
tried to keep an eye on the scrum-board while we were working so that we would stay on track and work 
on the parts we had planned on. 

what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
This week I tried to make sure the tasks we chose were small enough that we could finish them, since 
we didn't finish all tasks last week. I felt that this week's work load was more appropriate than last 
week's work load. Another thing I try to do (while programming), since we explore and learn together
when pair-programming, also making sure we don't get distracted by less important / urgent matters.
Since we have a schedule to follow it is important to manage the time well, while still allowing us to 
learn. We basically finished what I had expected we would this week, though our tasks are still in the 
testing stage. Next week I would like to have a better idea of how we should test the things we have
worked on, because then it will be easier to estimate the size of each task. I hope I can work in a 
similar way to how I have worked this week, but how I work depends on who I am working with, so it will
depend on how we divide the work next week.
