What do I want to learn or understand better?
This week I learnt more about figma and also how to create / display tables and pdfs. We started to look into how data is sent through components (learnt about parent-child-grandchild relationships). I don’t think we understand fully how to do the things we want to properly, but we have some understanding at least. There was a misunderstanding of the scrummaster role, but I might try to work as that next week. A team member suggested that I should create a meeting plan for the first meeting next week. 

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
This week I tried to explained to the other members in my sprint group(?) how the frontend code works so that they could continue to work on other parts this week. They gave me the impression that they learnt at least a bit / got a better understanding, and I think we worked pretty smoothly even though they had worked on other things previous weeks. Like I have written previously I try to give input where I can and help however I can. 

what is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
I participated in creating new tasks and tried to make sure we were focusing on the right things. I also tried to make sure we didn’t take on too many tasks, as we still are a bit unsure of how to estimate the size of the tasks. We ended up finishing our tasks early, and could then work on another user story. Next week I will try to help bring more structure to meetings since that is what the previous scrum masters have done. 

what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
I think working with the sprint team went well. I think that the work was somewhat balanced, also taking into account the members previous experience. I am satisfied with the way I contributed, which I have described in the previous reflections. Next week I hope we can structure our work a bit more, so that we can be more effective. This is something I feel the whole team is helping with and is something we improve on with every passing week. 
