Q1: what do I want to learn or understand better?
Until now, I worked mostly with organizing the group in the context of the Scrum framework
as well as the design of the actual webpage and how it is supposed to work. This week I
was the Scrum Master which I learned a lot from. Further on, I want to become more comfortable
with both the frontend and the backend although I feel quite uncomfortable with doing it by myself.
We discussed this in the group and talked about pair programming and that the teams who has already
started these tasks will explain and give us (on the GUI team) an introduction to what they have
done and how it works during the next sprint.

Q2: how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
This topic was discussed during a meeting this week, and we talked a lot about that you can't
claim you understand something until you are able to explain it to somebody else, and together,
I think the team can learn a lot by teach each other. In this case, I will probably be the person
who asks questions and "confirm" that some of the other teams understands what they have done.

Q3: what is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
The previous weeks, I wanted to understand the Scrum framework better and was a little lost in all
the discussions regarding it. Now I feel more comfortable since I read the book recommended as course
literature and found it really helpful. Now I can help both myself and others when we struggle to
know how to use the framework in a certain task. However, I'm not at all fully learned, but the book is
a good place to find answers to questions whenever they pop up.

Q4: what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
I think my strongest side until now has been the communication, both within the group, but also
with the PO and others we have needed contact with in order to proceed. I really want to
contribute more to the actual coding though, at least understand it. To get there, pair programming
during next week/sprint is my plan, (and try to not be afraid of asking dummy questions).